Hi and welcome come back in this video we're looking at the Web come command the where command is used
to filter through our data for example.
So you were looking for the specific customer you could use the web command to find customers with a
specific first name or with a specific last name or indeed with both the way command goes after the
table that we're selecting from.
So we can say select custom stock first name and Cosmas our last name from customer.
I'm going to remove the aliases just to make this a bit more readable.
But it works with the aliases just as well.
So select those are from customers way and I'm putting this in a new line just for readability purposes
.
But you can leave it on the same line and that's fine as well where for example customers customers
doctor first name because Roth note is that unlike in most programming languages Viscusi single equal
signs.
And normally in programming languages when you want to do a comparison you would use two equal signs
but that is not the case in here.
In here we only use a single equal times because assignment doesn't make sense.
We're not changing the data we're going to look at how we can do that later on.
But for now we're not changing data so a single equal signs is used for comparison in sequence.
I'm sure you can expect this to do some thing.
And what would you expect it to happen in the data output.
I'm sure you guessed it I would expect rose 2.5 to disappear.
Unfortunately I was right and we can't only the customer that has a first name of Rowlf.
Now we've also got a customer that has a surname Watson and we can potentially select both customers
.
So for example we wanted to do a promotion where we are giving a discount to users called Rolfe or to
users with a surname Watson.
Now I understand the is not very realistic but nevertheless it will work for our purposes.
The purpose of this is just to teach you that these commands exist and how you can use them.
So we want those customers where the first name is Rolfe or with last name is Watson.
So just like in English we want to select where first name is Rolfe or last name is Watson.
We can do the same in sequence where first name equals Rolf or customers don't last name equals Watson
.
So let's press play and voila we get the customer with surname Watson in the.
Similarly we can instead of.
Or do.
And so we can select customers the havet name first name Rowlf and last name Watson.
Now we don't have any of those.
So I would expect this to be empty.
When I press play and they need the case we get no rows back but we're still selecting the columns first
name or last name so they they do appear there but they just don't have any date.
OK.
So this is how we can do a web command.
And then we specify the columned and we say equals what we wanted to equal and we can optionally use
and or or to do more filtering and we can continue to use more arms or orce so we can we can do that
as well and we'll explore how that works later on.
Do notice that Rolf and Watson once again are not tables or sequel commands so they have to go inside
quotation marks.
And normally these will be single quotation marks in some instances and some editors will allow you
to use double quotation marks as well but in the PGE admin the editor doesn't seem to work quite as
well with double quotation marks I'm not sure why.
So if the double digit mark doesn't work stick to single ones and but both should work in theory.
So with that said that's how we can do with command and we can filter through our data.
Let's move on to the next video.
So I'll see you there.